When I first got to boot camp, I'm just like everyone else. Everyone starts
as an E1. On my contract before I joined, they said well if you're
a nuclear technician then you get automatic advancement to E3.
So during boot camp I was actually, I had three stripes on my shirt.
However, I was getting paid as the lowest class. You don't actually
get to have that salary until you finish your boot camp and you go
on to your first A school. In boot camp it really doesn't mean too much
whether you have one stripe or two stripes or three stripes. It's
just kinda like there for maybe for self motivation but as soon as
you get to your A school, you don't have any responsibiltiies. You're
not in charge of anybody. You're just there mostly as a student.
After my A school and after my power school and prototype-those were
my schools that lasted two weeks or I'm sorry two years-for my nuclear
training. Once you first get to your real you know first full on
job-mine was an airline carrier-even there you don't have any real
responsibility or position, you're just there to learn as a journeyman
so you don't get you're first real role or responsibility until about
about a few months after you get to your first command.